Add release notes for 6.12 (#684)
chef/cookstyle: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## Cookstyle 6.12

### 3 New Cops

#### ChefDeprecations/ChefDKGenerators

> The `ChefDeprecations/ChefDKGenerators` cop detects custom cookbook generators for the `chef` CLI that utilize the legacy `ChefDK` classes and not `ChefCLI` classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ChefDeprecations/ChefDKGenerators` cop detects custom cookbook generators for the `chef` CLI that utilize the legacy `ChefDK` classes and instead of the `ChefCLI` classes.
```

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: Yes

#### ChefDeprecations/ChefHandlerRecipe

> The `ChefDeprecations/ChefHandlerRecipe` cop detects cookbooks that include the deprecated `chef-handler::default` recipe. This recipe is empty and does not need to be included, and the `chef_handler` resource was merged directly into Chef Infra Client in 14.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ChefDeprecations/ChefHandlerRecipe` cop detects cookbooks that include the deprecated `chef-handler::default` recipe. The `chef_handler` resource was merged directly into Chef Infra Client in 14.0. This recipe is empty and does not need to be included.
```

Reviewer: Is "empty and thus unnecessary" too strong?
